We've already used a skill Server Management Studio quite a lot in the previous tutorials and today
I just wanted to do a quick formal introduction to this tool so that we get that out of the way.
Really there isn't much to mention here just that this is a skill or a management studio on the left
who got the object Explorer which we've already dabbled with a little bit and you have your database
that you're connected to over here at the top the only button that will be using and in this view is
the new query button and it brings up a query where we can create code.
Then once our code is created will be using exit queued button.
So not the debug button but the execute button to run code.
It's the same as pressing a 5 or control on the keyboard.
And also here you have the database that you're in sometimes will be set to Mostel sometimes will be
set to Diest training.
So we will be talking about how to avoid having to change it all the time.
Further in this course.
And finally what are you doing here.
Is it because it's a blank space.
Will you give.
You make queries you write queries and you give commands to us.
Q Well on what you wanted to do what data you wanted to bring up and show you or what you wanted taught
how you wanted to manipulate the data and create Joines and convert data types and create tables and
so on.
So it's like a blank space where you write up code and then you execute it.
The only issue is that you can save this code.
You can press convalesce and save it on your hard drive but nobody actually does that.
I will show you a much better method in the next section of the course when we're talking about stored
procedures how to save your code because for us as a scientist it's important to save our work so that
we can later modify it repeat it or get somebody to queue it.
And that's pretty much it as full service management shoot is very simple.
And I'm sure you will get along just fine.
As we've progressed the section